feat: Supports new AWSLambda connection type in streams processing (#3085)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/data-sources/stream_connection.md

* `security` - Properties for the secure transport connection to Kafka. For SSL, this can include the trusted certificate to use. See [security](#security).
* `networking` - Networking Access Type can either be `PUBLIC` (default) or `VPC`. See [networking](#networking).

> If `type` is of value `AWSLambda`, define the following additional attributes:

Reviewer: the doc before for `type` says:
```
Type of connection. Can be either `Cluster`, `Kafka` or `Sample`.
```

do we need to update it?

> If `type` is of value `AWSLambda` the following additional attributes are defined:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `type` is of value `AWSLambda`, define the following additional attributes:
```
